README.md, before:

# React-Practical-Project
This repository contains source code of React.js 

## How to use 
Follow the below steps 
- Download the particular project 
- Open the downloaded project in vscode (or in any editor)
- Open the terminal 
- Run this command **<ins>`npm start`</ins>** (This command will create *node_modules*)
- Page will open in the default browser of your system i.e. chrome (Link will be [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000))
    
## What is the priority of project in this repository ?
- React-JS-Tutorial (1st) - *This project will explain the basics of React.js*
- React-CSS (2nd) - *This will explain that how user can apply styles in the JSX code (There are 3 ways to do that)*
- practice-react-app (3rd) - *A application to understand how to create forms*
- Advance-Module-React (4th) - *This will the advance concept of React.js*
- react-meal-app (5th) - *Another application to learn React.js in the deep*
- class-component-tutorial (6th) - *This will explain how user can create React application using class components*
- connect-to-database (7th) - *This application will explain how can the user call the API for dynamic data in the react application*
- custom-hooks-1 (8th) - *This application will explain how user can create the custom hooks*
- custom-hooks-2 (9th) - *Complex and bit logical example of custom hoook*
- practice-react-app (10th) - *practice for form validation*

##### note:- <ins>refer the individual .md file of every project for further information about the react project</ins>

Commit message:

form-validation code with optimal solution

README.md, after:

# React-Practical-Project
This repository contains source code of React.js 

## How to use 
Follow the below steps 
- Download the particular project 
- Open the downloaded project in vscode (or in any editor)
- Open the terminal 
- Run this command **<ins>`npm start`</ins>** (This command will create *node_modules*)
- Page will open in the default browser of your system i.e. chrome (Link will be [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000))
    
## What is the priority of project in this repository ?
- React-JS-Tutorial (1st) - *This project will explain the basics of React.js*
- React-CSS (2nd) - *This will explain that how user can apply styles in the JSX code (There are 3 ways to do that)*
- practice-react-app (3rd) - *A application to understand how to create forms*
- Advance-Module-React (4th) - *This will the advance concept of React.js*
- react-meal-app (5th) - *Another application to learn React.js in the deep*
- class-component-tutorial (6th) - *This will explain how user can create React application using class components*
- connect-to-database (7th) - *This application will explain how can the user call the API for dynamic data in the react application*
- custom-hooks-1 (8th) - *This application will explain how user can create the custom hooks*
- custom-hooks-2 (9th) - *Complex and bit logical example of custom hoook*
- working-with-form (10th) - *practice for form validation => (you can learn the optimal solution of the form in react)*

##### note:- <ins>refer the individual .md file of every project for further information about the react project</ins>
